Dare to do it
Believe it or not, this young master's words
Just let your ants go to ashes
Really?
I know your Xiao family is very powerful
But before my cover
I don't mind pulling your back
Look at the means of your Xiao family
Or is it faster for me to kill you with my own hands?
Master Sao, don't move
Do you want Ben to die?
Good boy
I will remember you
Or the first person to dare to be a girl
We're leaving like this
You smear my dynasty group
Then the loss has not been lost yet.
It's not that easy to leave
The boss is the top existence in the capital
What means does the Xiao family have?
I follow
Good boy I remember you
I will not Bruce Lee
That's so boring.
I want you to know
What kind of abyss is the gap between you and me?
I will make you kneel in despair
Fundamentally beg for mercy